W 11398574 aal mfa (#218)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/users.adoc

You cannot search for external users in other parts of Anypoint Platform because these users do not belong to your organization and do not have additional permissions. To grant users permission to perform tasks like deploying an application, you must invite the user to join your organization.

== Managing Sensitive Account Information

> As an organization administrator, you can modify user some sensitive user information. For enhanced security, Access Management might ask you to re-authenticate before you can modify an organization user's email address.

Author: ```suggestion
As an organization administrator, you can modify user some sensitive user information. For enhanced security, Access Management might ask you to re-authenticate before you can modify an organization user's email address. Because of the re-authentication requirement, you cannot use API calls to change user email addresses.
```

> As an organization administrator, you can modify user some sensitive user information. For enhanced security, Access Management might ask you to reauthenticate before you can modify an organization user's email address. Because of the reauthentication requirement, you cannot use API calls to change user email addresses.

Author: ```suggestion
As an organization administrator, you can modify user some sensitive user information. For enhanced security, Access Management might ask you to reauthenticate before you can modify an organization user's email address. Connected apps and clients are exempt from reauthentication. If you have a script that makes an API call to change organization users' email addresses, it might need to accommodate reauthentication.
```

> As an organization administrator, you can modify user some sensitive user information. For enhanced security, Access Management might ask you to re-authenticate before you can modify an organization user's email address. Because of the re-authentication requirement, you cannot use API calls to change user email addresses.

Author: ```suggestion
As an organization administrator, you can modify user some sensitive user information. For enhanced security, Access Management might ask you to reauthenticate before you can modify an organization user's email address. Because of the reauthentication requirement, you cannot use API calls to change user email addresses.
```

> As an organization administrator, you can modify user some sensitive user information. For enhanced security, Access Management might ask you to reauthenticate before you can modify an organization user's email address. Connected apps and clients are exempt from reauthentication. If you have a script that makes an API call to change organization users' email addresses, it might need to accommodate reauthentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an organization administrator, you can modify some sensitive user information. For enhanced security, Access Management might ask you to reauthenticate before you can modify an organization user's email address. Connected apps and clients are exempt from reauthentication. If you have a script that makes an API call to change an organization user's email addresses, it might need to accommodate reauthentication.
```
